I have some things I'm going to tell
you tonight. I went beyond the veil
today.
I got to see into the next couple
of years really clearly—some things.
So I'll give it to you. That's what
this broadcast will be about. Some of it
will be about what's going on in the
news, but I need you to understand the
seriousness of the times we are living
in.
As I was in my prayer time today,
He said, "I have some things I want
to show you. I have some things."It
was specific things concerning the
church, concerning the
governments, concerning the world as a
whole, what's coming. It was
a lot of instruction for my
ministry, but I can give you the pieces
of this concerning what I saw
coming in the next several years.
I've never been able to see beyond 2028,
and tonight I was able to see
to 2030. Very clearly, 2030.
I could see the
church. A lot of you
are going to probably throw eggs at me
because we're so rapture-ready.
Where we are in
His
return and what He's looking for—the
harvest, for the souls, for the
outpouring, for all these things and
what it's going to take. I told you
about the groanings. I've told you about
tapping into levels of prayer to
bring forth the revival. But I want
to tell you some things about the
persecution that I saw coming and stuff
like that. But first off, I
don't want to ruin the flow of the
anointing. So I want—Braden,
what should I do first? What do you want
to do first?
Yeah, you can just skip
if you feel a very strong flow. I
feel like this is good.
Okay, let's do it. I saw—this is what
the Lord showed me. It started off like
this. He said, "July."I showed
you the number seven in a couple of
prayer times ago, two or three
days ago. Last night the internet was
down because of the weather.
He said to me, "July,
I want to show you the seven and what
was going on with the
seventh month
going into the second half of the year."He
said, "I told you at the
beginning of the year, 1 Corinthians 5:5."He
said, "I was cleaning the
Bride. I'm changing things in the
church. I'm bringing the Bride to my
side. For there's corruption in the
church. There's sin in the church and it
will be exposed in 2026.
There's much corruption behind pulpits
and mega-ministries, mega-churches that
will be exposed. You're going to see
huge platforms with ministries that have
been there and established for years
start to dwindle and fade and go away.
They'll be cut off from it. The source
of life has been cut off. And you'll
see, whenever you see a
branch that has been
trimmed, it doesn't die immediately. It
dies over time because they've detached themselves
from the life source. A lot
of people see them still as fruitful
because they were a major part
of their life for decades. Just
because you are a major part—and the
greater the limb, the greater the source
of life, the greater source of life comes
from the limb that
was cut off.
As you see the life source
and the limb cut off,
it doesn't die automatically. It's
over time. So, I saw in this
vision,
I saw ministries that think they're
still alive will be
proven to be cut
off because they've cut Him off.
A shaking is coming to the church and
an acceleration from July to
December 1st. You will see mega-ministries
even more shaken like you saw
in the first half, but this will be even
a greater shaking coming from July.
He said it's not just
the charismatic church; you saw a lot of
charismatic ministries shaken, major ministries—some
people went home—but
He said it will be even more of
an acceleration of this from July
to January
1st.
I saw a lot of generals getting ready to
go home. I saw a major transition
of new ministries and new birth. I saw a
sunflower concerning this one ministry.
I saw this ministry—and I will never
dare say which one it was—but I saw
that they were a
sunflower. It was very
interesting because a lot of these
ministries that He would bring up to me
today were about flowers.
I saw
dandelions,
weeds;
I saw this one was a sunflower
and I saw that it was by a riverbed.
The riverbed was so vast and so
beautiful. At one time it was full of
life, full of beautiful things
growing up by it and it led into a
massive pool. The life
source of the water got cut off.
They had detached themselves from the
source and they have gone on for a long
time because the pool of water was
sustaining them. Over time, a pool
that is sustained for so many years
for so many people on major platforms
becomes stagnant. But it
takes a while for a pool of water to
become stagnant. He said it's not just a
plant; it was a major source of
life for so many.
Over the course of time,
a pool of water that has no fresh water
source coming into it in the desert
becomes putrid.
It becomes toxic.
The water's still there and it's
receding, but it becomes a place of
mosquitoes and
bacteria.
And I saw this major place as this
sunflower
had been taken by the hand of the Lord
and ripped up out of the ground. And He
said, "Do you see the roots?"I said,
"Yes, sir, I do."He
said, "They're turning dark and
black. They're dying."And
what was once a beautiful sunflower
planted by beautiful water that fed so
many will now die because of corruption. There are
things there. I was
allowed to see some things.
And He said, "Do you see this?"and the
sunflower
dried up. The
sunflower seeds started to fall out.
He said, "These seeds that are falling
out will now be planted throughout the
world for what they learned from this
ministry.
And they'll be scattered upon the earth.
And what was a sunflower to many will
now die, and it will bring forth much
fruit throughout the earth."The
sunflower seeds became scattered.
I saw them be scattered to every
four parts of the earth.
I don't believe in flat earth, so I
don't want to say four corners; I'm
saying the four parts of the earth—I'm
talking about all over the earth. As
I saw this, it was being scattered. The
seeds were being planted,
and I saw new ministries that had
learned things from the ministry grow
up.
He said, "Many people are always
wondering where the mantle goes—if it
goes to the children.
But in this case, because there has been
much strife,
no one will receive the mantle from this
and it will die."He
echoed it so loud inside of me,
"There will be none. For I have taken the
seeds of that place and I have spread
them on the places of the earth and
they will come and grow it. But the
mantle of the individual will not be
transferred."I
saw sadness upon some people and I saw
them being scattered and
moved, and a shaking will come to
certain ministries in the days ahead.
For there will be a time in the days ahead—in
the next very few—a
saying of goodbyes, a closing of a
chapter,
a celebration for once what was.
You will see this publicly: a
celebration of once what was, a
celebration for what we had achieved in
the past, a saying of goodbyes to
old things,
a closing of a chapter,
and what was will be no more.
Then I saw upon the earth
transition of ministries.
I saw much transition coming,
a lot of transition. And if you're
trying to guess the ministry, please do
not do that. Don't disrespect it. I'll
never say it. Please don't ever try to
guess it. Leave it alone. You'll see it.
The Lord said this and it was a very
strong word, with very colorful visions,
very everything. This today was over the
top.
I saw prosperity in 2027.
I saw Trump was in trouble with
the Senate and in the
race for the midterms.
I saw a stalemate
presidency. I saw great persecution.
I saw research into his friends and
research into his house; I'm
talking about persecution.
I saw people would say that was a
real nothing.
His term,
all the promises, all the things that he
was set out to do, fell short because of
distractions and a
lizard in his White House, in his
administration. I saw him;
it was like a
whirlwind. You know, whenever you have so
much ambition and you want so much,
but yet the enemy took you in
a whirlwind and you didn't realize you
were in the whirlwind so much that there were
people telling you stuff. There's
distraction, and you feel
like you have all this time, but the time
gets cut off because of
decisions.
This is
very serious.
I saw December very clearly.
I saw January and I saw the
midterms, and I saw persecution coming.
I saw a man that had so much, and I
saw his midterms midterm fall. I saw his
presidency looked upon the earth as
flat; it fell flat. You shook something
up so much, but it didn't have the
opportunity, and it lost its fizz. It
was something so important that was
supposed to happen. But I saw the body
of Christ; a lot of people don't
understand the urgency of the hour.
God, help me to get this out the way I
saw in the vision.
Is it coming out right, Braden?
This is so serious. It's like trying to
describe something to you that is like
life and death.
I saw President Trump,
his term, and
the protection of his kids, but it became
like he didn't do enough with
what he had. There
are
idiots behind the Senate and
the House. You had an opportunity,
but I saw a stalemate presidency trying
to come. The legacy of
who he was would be known as just the
ballroom.
Everything else fell flat, but it would
try to be passed on to the successor.
I saw a storm coming again,
but it was big for the United States. I
saw 2028 and
2029,
and what was happening in 2028 was
carried into 2029 so strongly.
It was
something black, something that
looked like tar.
I believe it was a plague; I
still do. It's something very bad,
but it was not
just carried into the last part of 2027;
it shot off in 2028 and 2029, and I could
see it trying to go into 2030. As I
saw this, it looked like black cords
that sprung forth as a source of black
darkness, and it tried to be wicker—black
wicker that was not white.
I saw black wicker
intertwining over the internet,
and I saw AI
and the birthing of something very
demonic coming out of AI. As it took
as black wicker out of a source, it got
tentacles and started spreading forth
all over this entity.
There
was a stream
of lights and videos, and
a black cord started to
wrap around it like tar,
wrapping around it
like black tentacles off of an
octopus.
It was engulfing it. As I saw
it go over Europe, Australia, and
Canada, I heard the word:
socialist. It's a socialist control.
I saw the iron Russian
flag with the iron
socialistic control. A
socialistic control will come over the
internet
concerning 2028 and 2030. I
saw a stronghold of this concerning
Europe, and I heard it over Australia
and over Asia completely.
As I saw the iron... it looked like
the hook. You know what I'm talking
about? The Russian flag.
It came forth over Europe
concerning this party.
Yes, that word:
communist. It
was over it, but it was socialism.
And He said, 'Work while it
is day, for night is coming,'concerning
live streaming,
the internet, Facebook,
and all these things.
Live streaming will become dead in Europe.
Work while it is day, for night is coming
when no one can work concerning the
internet and the control of a
socialistic stronghold over it.
I saw this flag appearing over
Australia,
Canada, and Europe.
America was split 50/50 concerning this.
I saw a darkness come upon the
internet;
it was
a demonic spirit.
TV will
become louder; live streaming on actual
television
will be very important. The
internet will be highly regulated.
YouTube was very liberal
about what we can say in the days ahead,
specifically about 2029, and it was
very bad going into 2030.
I saw a web being woven, and you were not
able to say anything anymore.
They will eliminate a
socialistic control over the internet in
America, and it will be split 50/50
specifically about YouTube and the platforms
that we have. He said, 'Work while it is
day, for night is coming where
no man will work.'Spread the gospel, for
TV
would be one of the only outlets in the
days ahead to be able to speak freely
on
live television, satellite, and things like
that. I saw
what was once a major thing—people gathering on the internet—transition to people
having
to go in
person. I saw hotspots of meetings
full of people throughout the United
States gathering again like we did in
the '80s and '90s.
They
wanted to come to experience the glory
in person. It was a
Holy Ghost Woodstock. I saw
persecution coming for freedom of speech
and concerning the First Amendment. The
spider that was laying the foundation,
trying to wrap a web around the First
Amendment, was almost complete.
It was still trying to poke at the
Second Amendment.
There was a black onyx line still
separating the Second Amendment from the
First Amendment in the United States,
but the web was being
woven around the
First Amendment rights and what you're
able to say freely upon the internet.
I heard
socialism will come very strong in Europe. It
will be
a socialistic control
by 2030.
I
saw a darkness in 2028 and 2029. It had
a very heavy feel, but I saw
the church
rise up because of persecution. I saw Holy Ghost
revivals and a glorious church rising.
I saw a church that was persecuted but
rising up out of
it, saying,
'We're
going to say what we want to say in our meetings.'I
saw the
presence of the Lord.
I want to give you that hope. But I
saw 20 going into 2030. I was
able to pause and freeze on certain
ministries, and I could see who was going
home and who was going to still be here.
And the Lord allowed me to even see my
grandmother and when she goes home. I
could see very detailed—He
was allowing me to
do this today. And it was
over the top.
As I sat there, I said, "Oh, dear God."And
He said, "I will
amplify certain ministries'voices, and
they will become so loud in the days
ahead. They will be on a cattle horn,
like a bullhorn. I saw it like
being amplified."And He said it will go
from 20 to 40 to 60. The
closer people try to get to those
ministries, the decibel will be
so loud it will deafen them. I don't
know why. It's very interesting,
the decibel. Now I have to study some of
the words out because I know it has a
meaning, but He was showing me that.
So, I think that's all I
can tell you parts of that.
Watch Okinawa.
Watch Okinawa, for a major shaking will
take place in Okinawa. A volcano in this
area will go off and it will be seen. I
saw the month of July—a shaking in our
nation, a shaking in the world, a
shaking so much so I saw a crater and I
saw people picking themselves up and
dragging themselves out in
the month of August.
I saw a shaking in
July as I saw a crater. Now, I don't
know what this crater is, but I think it
could be a metaphor or it's about
the church. It's something I have to
keep praying into because when I'm
seeing visions, I don't stop and ask Him
questions.
I saw a
climbing out in August—something
major. "Seven, seven,"He said.
This will be an
acceleration for you after the
six months going into the seventh, and He
said it will be the time of change,
more of an acceleration for the next six
months.
I said that already, but I believe it's
important to rehash that. I saw
Okinawa. Now, I am not familiar with
Okinawa, but I heard it very clear. Okinawa—and
He was talking about...
so that's Japan, correct?
It's a little island in the middle of
the water. Wow, that's interesting.
He said, "Watch Okinawa."So,
is there a volcano on Okinawa? It
is
just that little island.
Watch Okinawa. Does anybody even
live on Okinawa?
It's uninhabited.
What does it have to do with anything?
Father,
I didn't ask questions. He said, "Watch
Okinawa."He
said, "Major
earthquakes."Interesting,
huh? So, there's nobody
that lives on it, but it's interesting.
People are in the chat saying
military bases are all
there.
Yeah,
okay. So, whatever it is, it's very
important. And He said, "Watch Okinawa.
There's something about Okinawa."And
so, I was like, "Okay."But
I heard it very clear. And I
saw a shaking. A shaking is coming. A
major shaking. I saw volcanoes going
off. I saw something major about to
happen. And a lot of life was lost soon
concerning this area. And I was like,
"What is that?"And I saw a darkness, but
I saw a crater. And I saw people trying
to dig themselves out of a crater. And
He said, "By August."And I saw it. And
I believe that was a metaphor, like this is
something to do with the month of July—praying
into the month of July—and
I saw going into
the fall, and I saw people transitioning,
and people were going home, and
ministries were transitioning. I'm
talking almost like a pruning. There's a
pruning. There's a major thing about to
happen.
So you're about to see this. He said, "I
gave more time. I gave more time out of
grace, but that season is over now."So,
I think that's good enough for that.
Social control.
But it was so much detail, more than
what I could say with my words.
I looked at it. I could see Australia. I
could see what they were planning
for Agenda 2030.
It's concerning money; it's concerning
so much. And I saw people pushing away
the internet.
It was about AI. And there was a
darkness sitting in the land like crazy.
The demon that I told you is
behind AI becomes movable. It starts—that's
the tentacles that come into the
internet. AI grabs and merges with the
internet, with YouTube,
things like that. It
merges
AI—that
demon that I said is behind AI.
The core, the root of the AI, of what
people are talking to, is a demon.
And that demon comes out and grabs a
hold of the internet line and wraps
itself around it,
and it becomes very dominant
socialist.
So, okay, I think that's good enough.
Let's move on.
Ready? What did you see?
I mean, you can go over next time.
No, I want to do it now. How much
time did that take?
37. 37—that's
not too bad. I tried to
lay it out there as quick as I could,
but I feel like that's
what I could give you. I can't give you...
because I saw a lot of details
concerning ministries and—Lord, do not
say that out loud.
Go ahead.
And then the last time you saw
earthquakes in China and—what
was it? You saw a lot of
earthquakes last night.
Earthquakes. He kept showing me
shakings. Earthquakes are coming just
like we're seeing in Venezuela. And we
kept praying. The visions start
running together, and so I have to
separate them. Braden helps me.
Turkey. You saw him move
Turkey.
Oh yeah.
I saw President Trump—now this
is interesting to me. I saw President
Trump going to a meeting with Turkey in
the days ahead that he's invited to, and
he talked about it, and I said, "Don't go."And
I was pretty rude about it, and I
called him, and the Lord got on to me and
said, "Don't go. Don't disrespect.
Don't do that."And I got in
trouble. But you know me, just with
no filter.
And then the Lord said to
me, "Watch what he does."And I saw the
meeting, but I saw JD Vance. And I know
President JD Vance, Vice President JD
Vance, and President Trump will not be in
the same meeting together because that's
not protocol, right? But I saw JD Vance
in the meeting with his arms folded
like this. He had them like this and he
had a smirk like he was angry in this
meeting. But President Trump came in as
a cartoon character. He looked like the
Simpsons again. His nose... excuse me. I
need a tissue.
I think I'm okay. You've got to
tell me.
He was like a cartoon character
and he brought a ham in on a plate and
presented it to the Muslims.
This ham hock was a massive Hawaiian-like
ham. Beautiful, glazed—what I
would love to eat, I'd eat the whole
thing. A ham. It was smoked.
But it had huge pineapple chunks all
over this ham. And he presented it to
the Muslims on a silver platter. The
platter was beautiful, like
sterling silver—gorgeous
silver platter that had
all kinds of beautiful designs
on it and stuff. And
he presented and set it on the table,
and the ham had flies on it, and I could
smell sulfur. That's what I smelled
in the room in the spirit. I
could smell it. But as he put it on the
table, the man that is over
Turkey was repulsed and went like
he was leaning back, looking as this
thing was on the table, and he was upset
that it was in the meeting, and he leaned
back and was looking at the table. The Syrian
man was in the distance. I could
see him and he was angry, like it
was insulting that this pig was on a table—ham hock
looking thing. This ham
was being presented to them on a table.
I could see Macron in the background.
I could see Zelensky in the background.
I don't know if they were in the
meeting; they were represented there
somehow. I could see Trump smiling as he
presented this ham to
these two Muslim men.
I don't know what that means. I know
it's a metaphor. I don't believe
President Trump is really going to show
up with a ham and give it to Turkey and
to Syria, but for whatever this is in
the spirit, he presents a ham to them
somehow. But JD Vance has his arms folded
and has a smirk on his face. I know
it's a vision, so I'm not
saying President Trump's going to show up
with a van and put it on
there. No, there's something
symbolic to this.
I thought it was very interesting.
In fact, at the moment, it was funny
because I was thinking, "No way. Muslims
don't eat ham and neither do Jews. Why
would you present a ham to them? What
does this mean?"But
something said he
was sitting at the meeting, and
then I saw the plan of Turkey
was to be friends with Russia, and I saw
a plan with Russia and Turkey trying to
involve Trump to do something with
the man that's the
Pinocchio. Pinocchio will be dealt with
in the days ahead.
Pinocchio's days are numbered. The
strings are about to be cut from the marionette
puppet.
A splitting of Kyiv is coming. A
proxy government will come in. A
new government will come in as the
puppet will be dealt with publicly.
I'll say that.
Okay, so what else?
And then you saw
Vancouver and you saw it splitting.
And then you saw fires going up to
Anchorage. You saw it again.
I saw a major earthquake taking place in
Seattle. I saw a shaking of politics.
I saw a shaking in Portland. I saw a
shaking, and the Lord was dealing this
clear down to San Francisco. And the
earthquake was so bad. I saw what
happened in Venezuela, what happened in
America, clear up to British Columbia.
And I saw some kind of fire go from
British Columbia all the way up to
Alaska. But it was interesting because
it looked like it was coming from the
ground
like a gas leak, almost like the earth was
breathing gas and it was on fire,
coming from British Columbia all the way
from
Canada all the way to Alaska—I apologize.
And it was burning. The earth was
burning.
And I saw the volcano, the
earthquake in the water
again outside of Portland. And I saw a
major shaking, a major disruption. A
major fault line is about to give in
this area, and it will be catastrophic
like it was in Venezuela.
And I said it will trigger a reaction in
Yellowstone.
And it will be seen on the news. It will
be seen all around the world. This is a
major catastrophic event and I saw
again 30,000 plus people die in British
Columbia.
It was very, very bad.
Okay.
Shaking. You saw a shaking in Hong Kong.
Yeah, a shaking in Hong Kong.
And you saw Omar. You saw her in a net. They
try to catch her in a net or something.
They try to catch her in a net and
then a
new voice.
They'll replace her with a new voice. I
don't know. Let me see. And then
he said, "And I saw GOP rising,
Minnesota."He
prayed over Fourth of July. And then
he saw, what was it? You saw the Mickey
Mouse. You saw that?
Oh, Donald Duck on a boat trying to
spread a virus on a cruise ship for
Disney
going out of the port by Cape
Canaveral.
I saw a Donald Duck on the boat. I saw
Donald Duck, and the Lord said they will
try to spread a virus on a cruise ship.
You say sulfur in the room? Yeah, I could
smell sulfur around the man in
Syria. I could smell sulfur around him.
He smelled like rotten eggs.
Okay. And he saw a cupcake,
and then I saw a cupcake spring forth
for President Trump, and it had one
candle on it.
Yeah,
it wasn't a birthday cake. It was a
cupcake, and he was looking at a bird. He
had a cupcake in his hand with one
candle on it. It had one candle,
and it was sprung forth on this candle,
and he was looking at a cupcake with a
candle. I don't know what that means. I
thought that was interesting.
Next.
That's it.
Was that it? All right. So that kind of
gave you an outline of prayer from the
last time I was with y'all on
Wednesday. Today's Friday. So we're
thankful for that part of it.
Now we'll show you what's
in the news. I'm trying to do things a
little different so that you all can get
a hold of this because there's a lot of
people who don't want to listen to the hours
of prayer. So this gives you the
highlights and what happened quickly
so you can have that, and then what the
Lord gave me today. And then
we'll go over a little bit of the news
and we'll dip in the river if anybody
wants to stay and pray with me. This
is very serious. Some of the things that
are happening right now.
That's in Taiwan.
Okay, so this is Taiwan.
Can you go over some of the stuff,
son? Just tell us what's going on. I
haven't got to talk to you today.
I'm
showing you this. This is a big
deal.
This goes with what you just
said.
This goes with what the Lord
told us on Wednesday and what he showed
me concerning
President Trump.
If we were to lose the midterms—heaven
forbid—this
is today. Go ahead.
These Democrats, y'all... impeachment... if
we were to lose the midterms,
heaven forbid, these Democrats, y'all,
impeachment is not even the big concern.
They will turn every committee of
Congress into an investigative body and
they'll go after the president's family,
the cabinet, his donors and friends.
Half of you in this room will be
targeted.
That's what's going to happen.
I run the protection program. I'll take
care of you. Okay, we're going to win.
We're going to win the midterm.
The House...
if we were to lose.
But it's not about just the House. It's...
there's a storm
coming.
Next.
This is the man I see in the spirit all
the time. The Lord said pray for him
because he's going to be a loud voice in
the days ahead. I like him. Now
there's people who say I don't like him. I
like him. So whatever, you know, I think
there's something about him. Look,
the Senate sucks. I'm just going to come
out and say it. They suck. This is not
hard.
80% of the American people want the Save
America Act to pass. Not 80% of
Republicans, 80% of the American people.
And the only organization that refused
to act is the United States Senate.
Everybody else is saying, "This is
common sense. We should do common sense
things. Let's make sure only Americans
are voting in our elections. Makes
sense, right? Let's protect the
franchise of the American people. Let's
make sure that people who are sent to
Washington are being voted on by
Americans. Who the American people
choose is up to them. But we have a
responsibility to secure that franchise
and to secure that process for the
American people. And what is happening
in the US Senate is laziness. And quite
frankly, it's disgusting.
The Senate Democrats don't want to
have voter ID in America. Why? Because
they want to maintain their power.
Senate Republicans don't want to do the
right thing and actually have a true
filibuster on the floor and debate the
matter on the floor because it would
take them away from their precious
meetings that they have to conduct. I'm
sorry. They have a responsibility to
open up the Senate floor and debate this
issue in front of the American people. I
agree with Chairman Harris 1,000%.
I want to hear what Chuck Schumer has to
say on the floor in full debate
about why he opposes this measure. I
want to hear what Elizabeth Warren has
to say about why she would oppose this
measure. I want her to tell the people
of Massachusetts
why she believes that the people of
Massachusetts should not have to show a
photo ID in order to vote in a federal
election in the United States of
America. Just the other day, President
Obama opened up his presidential
library.
Have ID to get in there?
Yeah,
I like him. I think he's Mark.
okay. Let's see.
Marco Rubio.
And then, oh, you want to do this
one?
No, I want to hear this one for sure.
Okay, yeah, this one.
What did I tell you about a new
Watergate scandal coming in the days
ahead? I said they're going to
call it Nixon. They're
going to talk about Nixon. I saw
things about Watergate that
will try to come up in the news, and they
will involve JD Vance and it will
involve Elon Musk in the days ahead.
They'll call this the new Watergate. I
said it's going to be in the news, and
they're going to be talking about it.
Now, I want you to hear this.
Backstage, I'm actually
fascinated by Nixon as a character in
history. I think that his historical
legacy is enjoying a bit of a
renaissance, and I think deservedly so.
As I joked with Robert backstage, if
Watergate happened tomorrow, it would be
like a 12-hour news story. The idea
that it would have taken down a
presidency is crazy. And by the way, if
you look at the story of how the Deep
State took down Richard Nixon, it's not
all that different from what the same
groups of people and the same institutions
tried to do to Donald Trump and the
first Trump administration. There is a
parallel.
Ain't that interesting?
By the way, if you look at the
Vice President—I
also, just at a personal level, you
know, okay, young senator, Vice
President, writes some best-selling
books, is hated by the media—it kind of
sounds like JD Vance. So,
I've always
liked Richard Nixon. But okay, one other
thing...
I wonder if he watches the videos.
That's all I've got to say. I wonder
sometimes, 'Do you watch the channel?'This is what I told you is coming, and
this is what
I saw about
him, and he's even claiming it.
He embraced it. He said, 'I like Richard Nixon.'I'm
like, 'They're going to name
you Richard Nixon in the days ahead, and
they're going to try to get rid of you
just like that. They're
coming after you.'And
I said it involves Elon Musk.
I saw Elon Musk and I told you I saw
the picture.
Do you have the picture?
This is what I tried to tell you is
coming, and they're going to put it in
the news.
There it is.
Do they see it?
There he is.
He likes looking at Rick; he likes
him. And for him to even say it
publicly, folks, I'm telling you what
the Lord's trying to warn you about
ahead of time. I said a new Watergate
scandal in 2028 will come in the news,
and they're going to say it, and he's
already saying it. He embraced it. 'I
like Nixon.'No, but you
don't understand;
your words are powerful, sir.
But there it is.
Next. Do you have anything? I let that
marinate just a little bit. Say it
again. Play it.
'I also just at a personal level, you
know, okay, young senator, Vice
President, writes some best-selling
books, is hated by the media—it kind of
sounds like JD
Vance.'All
right, next. Let's go on.
Okay, and then a volcano went off in
Chile. A volcano went
off in Chile.
Wow,
it has snow on it. Is that snow?
Yeah.
Is it snowing in Chile? Yeah, I guess
so.
No kidding.
So, it's cold in chilly right now.
I guess up there, I don't know.
That's incredible.
It's hot here.
That's amazing. I didn't know it
was snowing in chilly.
Yeah.
Okay, and then
we go down there, and we get off the
plane, and we'd be in our shorts and
t-shirts and freeze.
What is going on?
What was that? Classified?
Oh no. Okay, here he
was talking about a strike in Iran.
They went and they
struck.
This is today. President Trump,
you said that Iran violated the
ceasefire. Will they face any
consequences?
'You'll find out.'Do you consider the
ceasefire to still be in place?
'I don't like the fact that they took a
shot yesterday, actually four. We
knocked down three at a ship—not
an allied ship, but a ship, a
very expensive ship. It was fine,
but it took a little beating. They
shouldn't be doing that.'So, you'll find
out.
Will the U.S. respond? What is your
message to Iran?
'Respond. You're going to find out.'Sir,
why do you think they did that if the
talks you've said repeatedly are
going well? What do you think the
motivation is for Iran?
'They're crazy.
They're a little bit different.
That's what I think of it. For 47 years, no
president did what we're doing.
You just asked a question; you'll find out.'Okay,
I think we've had enough.
This is so important.
Next.
In response,
they're saying that the U.S. struck. I mean,
it's still ongoing, but they strike.
Did this happen right now?
Yes.
They have classified stuff; they're
striking.
I said this thing is going
to go on. I didn't see it ending. I
see it going on and on. I keep
seeing it. It'll be something like that.
I saw
Israel using a device in the days ahead
that's going to make everybody very
angry.
U.S. launches strikes against Iran
following an attack on a ship in the Strait
of Hormuz.
Okay,
yeah, I guess
that's it.
Is that all the news?
Oh, what's Mike saying?
He was saying he got
attacked. Whatever. A
$1.3 billion lawsuit against Mike Lindell. A five-year-long,
800-page report
of evidence of fraud from Dominion
machines will be released today. Voting machine
companies are falling like
dominoes.
This is why I fought every single day
for election integrity. The truth will
always prevail. I agree with him. In the
name of Jesus, we're going to uncover
the darkness.
All we want is a fair, clean election. The
Save America Act needs to pass today.
Fair, clean election. You know what?
Let's see where the heart of the people
truly is. If you're really that crazy
and vote for socialist things like we saw
happen in New York—four of them win,
and they say they want to wipe
their hands on the American flag. Did
you see that? If you are an
American citizen and you saw that, did that
not make you enraged?
As a born-again believer,
I had to calm myself down when I heard
that idiot say, 'I couldn't find a
napkin for my hands for the party, so I
want to wipe my hands on the flag.'Disrespectful.
I thought, 'Wow,
these idiots voted you into
power.'That's
your stance on our country, lady. There are
people
who fought and died for that flag and
for our nation.
They risked their whole
lives for that.
'I forgot to get a napkin, so
I just wiped my hands on the American
flag behind me.'That's what
she said.
God bless you, lady. I'd like to say some
things, but I'm on a livestream.
I just can't believe somebody would say
that. It's
disgusting to me.
And you voted her in, people.
You wanted her. She's trash.
That right there just makes
me so irritated. I have family members
that died for our country; we have
family members that fought in wars.
You see that kind of
stuff and you go,
'Wow.'But
they have freedom of speech,
right? They have the right to say
what they want to say, even if they said
they want to wipe their rear with our flag.
They can say what
they want to say. At least it was her
hands and not her butt. I
keep going.
I think they're saying
that if they want to stay, they want to
stay in the Strait of Hormuz.
They want control over it.
What is that about?
I know, but I want to know what
the current discussion is about service
costs in the Strait of Hormuz. Yes,
we want to maintain the security of the Strait of Hormuz.
We want to protect
the environment of the Strait of Hormuz.
We must establish insurance
mechanisms so that if incidents occur,
ships that encounter problems are
covered to reduce their risk. And when
we provide all of this, these costs
cannot come out of the pockets of the
Iranian people. These costs must be
collected from those who are
transporting oil through this strait.
Our current discussion is
boring.
That's it.
Wow, slow news day two days in a row
because we didn't have a
broadcast last night. So, pretty
interesting.
Let's keep praying for our nation.
We'll take communion. Want to pray? Who
wants to go on the river? Thank you for
all your hard work today, son.
I
appreciate all your hard work. Amazing,
you are a great, awesome young man. I
am
very appreciative of you.
All right, how many are here?
72. It's always about the same, 73.
So we're going
to pray now. If you want to pray with
me, we'll pray and see where
the Lord leads us today. I am
so thankful for the time
that I've had with him today.
Father, we thank you for your
Word, for all that you've done in these
end times and how close we are to the
soon return of your son. We're so
thankful, Father, that you've
called us and you have chosen us for
such a time as this. And you amplify the
voices of ministries in the days ahead,
that they would have huge voices and
people will be drawn to you through
them.
Always attract to deflect to give God
glory for what he's about to do in these
last days.
We're about to see a tapestry, a
mosaic of colors that we've never seen
before, of the glorious outpouring on
His church, on the remnant, the ones
that will flow with it. And a mosaic of
beautiful colors;
that's the way I saw it. It's not just
a tapestry; it's a mosaic
artwork.
We take this body and we're
so grateful
for all that you've done and all that
you've yet to do as we yield ourselves
to you.
Become so loud through the voices that
you need to speak through, Father,
that the decibels
will be so loud in the spirit realm. The decibels
will be so loud.
And we take the body in the name of
Jesus, and we thank you, Father, for the
generals that are here. We thank
you, Father, that the ones that will help
impart into the young
for a passing of the baton.
Thank you, Father, for the seeds that
have been sowed in the past will come to
harvest at last. And we take this body
in the name of Jesus. And we just want
to give you honor for what you did for
us today, Lord, in
remembrance of how good you truly are
and remembrance of what a friend you
are. What a friend we have in Jesus.
Thank you, Father. We take it right now
in Jesus'name.
Lord, we thank you for the blood.
We make much of the blood and the blood
makes much of us. It never loses its
power.
Thank you, Father.
I apply the blood of Jesus over my
house. I apply the blood of Jesus over
me and my wife and my children and over
our finances, over my health, over
our health, over our everything. We
cover us with the blood. And if there's
anything you want to show us, Lord, if
there's anything we need to see,
I thank you, Father. I'm a yielded
vessel.
I plead the blood and I yield to the
anointing of the watchman. I yield to
the anointing of the prophetic. I yield
to what you want me to see and hear.
I take the blood and I remember
everything what you did for me.
Stacking rocks—the
stacking rock moments
that we stack the rocks
and we remember
every place we've been and where our
foot has been and where you've brought
us out of.
We're so thankful
and grateful for the blood
and we take the blood right now in
Jesus'name.
Everybody has stacking rock moments.
We stack the rocks of where we've
been. Braden,
will you find that scripture
when it talks about the children of
Israel stacking the rocks there as
a memorial, as a memory? They stacked
the rocks. It was a place of
remembrance.
They remembered what God had done for
them.
Father, we just worship you.
And we do that in our own lives.
We remember where you've brought us out
of,
how faithful you have been to us.
You've been so good.
You've been so merciful.
As we finish up this month, we've got
just four or five more days left,
and then Father, we're out of
the month of June. We go into the
seventh month.
Father, we pray over President Trump and
the decisions he's making. Do you see it
there?
Joshua 4:3.
So we do that as a memory in our own
lives.
We stack the stones.
There's something that he wants you
to do in your life tonight. That Scripture
is popping out really strong to
me. I see it very clear. I feel the
anointing on that scripture.
Every one of you have stacking stones
memories.
Every one of us have something to be
thankful for.
Every one of us go to the place
where God has delivered us from
things from our past.
Give God praise tonight for where you've
come out of.
Thank you, son.
Okay.
'To serve as a sign among you in the
future. When your children ask you,
"What do these stones mean?"tell them
that the flow of the Jordan was cut off
before the ark of the covenant of the
Lord. When it crossed the Jordan, the
waters of the Jordan were cut off. The
stones are to be a memorial to
the people of Israel
forever.'Stacking
stones
to serve as a sign among you—that's
what the Lord's saying tonight.
To stack the stones
as a memorial of
what God has done through you. And in
the days ahead, don't allow
the miracles that
you're about to see become common.
Stack the stones.
When you see your seas parting with
financial breakthrough in the days ahead
and the great God Jehovah comes through
for you, stack the stones.
Make a memorial unto him. Don't use this
as common. I hear a warning tonight
to serve as a sign among you. This is
very strong. In the future when your
children ask you or your grandchildren,
'What happened here, Papa? What
happened here, Guggie? What happened
here, family?'I want to
tell you about my God that delivered me.
I have a stacking stone memory. I have a
stacking stone moment in my life that
God Jehovah showed up in my life and he
delivered me from drugs,
perversion, or
divorce.
I
don't know what God delivered you from,
but you have a stacking stone moment in
your life coming. There's an expiration
date to everything you've been believing
for. And I'm telling you, don't take it
as common.
For what God is about to do in your life
is a stacking stone moment. That's what
I hear him say right now.
'To serve
as a sign among you in the future when
your children ask you, "What do those
stones mean, Papa
Guggy?"Tell
them that the flow of the Jordan
was cut off before the ark of the
covenant of the Lord when it crossed the Jordan.'It
may not be that for you, but
whatever it is for you, remember those
stacking stone moments and don't allow
it to pass by and say it's just common.
What God did for you is not common; it's
a miracle what God is about to do in
your life. Remember this:
you have those moments where he's already
come through for you,
that he brought you out of poverty and
he's bringing you into more than enough.
He brought you out of sickness and he
healed your body. The Lord says, "Don't
take it as common.
Tell them that the flow of the Jordan
was cut off before the Ark of the
Covenant of the Lord
when it crossed the Jordan. The waters
of the Jordan were cut off. These stones
are to be a memorial to the people of
Israel, to the people of you. Do it for
you. It's a memorial."What did God do
for me? Have a stacking stone memorial
in your life. I'm not saying stack a
stone, but have something that represents...
what do those stones
represent to you? What did that
represent to you? I
don't know, whatever it is—a shirt or
something
valuable,
something of importance.
I'm not into tattoos; maybe it was a
tattoo. I'm just saying
something of a memorial, something of
remembrance that when people see it,
they say, "What was that? What is that?"That's
when God came through for us; our
whole
bloodline changed.
That's when God brought us out of
poverty and he brought us into more than
enough.
That's the moment that I know that God
showed up in my life and he delivered me
from something that I knew that I
couldn't get out of—that
I knew that this was going to be
generational and it was going to keep
passing on from generation to
generation.
But it was the time that the Jordan
split before me in my life, and God
delivered me out of my Egypt
and he brought me into my Promised Land,
and he came through for me and he comes
through for you. Have that memorial
in your life. I hear him say
that scripture came up—and
I forgot about it—it came up out
of my spirit when I was taking
communion. "You need to do this,"is what
he says. "Don't use it as common,
for God is about to show up and show off
in your life, and there's an expiration
date to your disastrous past and he's
going to make you have a glorious
future."Hallelujah.
That's beautiful, isn't it,
son?
There's a stacking stone moment.
God shows up and shows off.
Have a stacking stone moment.
I'll read it: "To serve as a sign among
you in the future when your children ask
you, 'What do these stones mean?'tell
them that the flow of the Jordan—the
storm of my life, whatever
it may be for you—was cut off before
the Ark of the Covenant of the Lord.
When it crossed the Jordan, the waters
of the Jordan were cut off. These stones
are to be a memorial to the people of
Israel forever."That's
what I heard so loud.
Don't treat it as common.
What you're about to see, don't treat it
as common.
It's his goodness and his mercy. He's
blowing it on you. He's breathing his
goodness and his mercy tonight on you
as the glory.
"Show me your glory,
Lord."And
his goodness and his mercy pass by.
"Show me your glory."And
the Lord said, "I will cause my
goodness to pass in front of you and I
will proclaim my name, the Lord,
in your presence. I will have mercy on
whom I will have mercy and I will have
compassion on whom I will have
compassion. But,"he
said, "you cannot see my face, for
no one may see me and live."But
he said to him, "Show me your glory."That's
stacking
rocks.
Then Moses said,
"Show me your glory."And
he's saying tonight to you,
"I'm allowing goodness and mercy, my
goodness and my mercy, my compassion."In
some translations it says mercy. His
compassion, his mercy,
his love is passing by you tonight.
But don't take it as common.
Have a stacking rock moment in your
life.
This is where God brought me out of;
this is where God delivered me.
This is what God did for me in the past.
And if God blessed me once, he will do
it again.
The Philistines
filled up the wells.
But God blessed him once and he did it
again.
God blessed him once and they filled them
up with dirt, and he did it again. He
blessed him with another well of water.
He blessed him once and he did it again.
He blessed you once and he'll do it
again.
We don't camp around the victory; we
stack the rock there and we give him
praise for it. And we know we're
climbing the mountain; we're doing what
God's called us to do.
We don't camp there; we keep moving,
but we stack the rocks. When people say,
"What happened there?"God
came through.
God was faithful to us, honey.
Don't you
tell your kids that?
"Oh, God was faithful to
me, babe. He was faithful to us. God
took care of me, Paisley."Paisley,
this is where God brought us
out of the land of Egypt.
Praise him with the tambourine;
praise him with a loud voice; praise him
with the shofar; praise him with what
you have. Praise him in it, for, oh God,
you've been so good to us.
For the Lord, he is good and his mercy
endures forever.
For the Lord,
he is good and
his mercy endures forever.
For he is parting the sea in your life
tonight,
and many of you are walking over on dry
land,
and he's raising the dead around you.
"Can these bones live?"What
would seem to be
impossible, God is about to breathe on
it and it will be possible.
For his goodness and his mercy are
following all over you. Just like he
said in Psalms, "Surely goodness and
mercy will follow me all the days of my
life and I will dwell in the house of
the Lord
forever."As
we
go into the fall, ladies and gentlemen,
the colors are so beautiful.
Breakthrough!
He's bridging
the gap. He's
building the bridge for the gap in your life.
He's building
a bridge and you're crossing
over.
"He prepares a table before me in the
presence of my enemies. You anoint my
head with oil; my cup overflows. Surely
your goodness and your love will follow
me all the days of my life and I will
dwell in the house of the Lord forever."Thank you,
Lord.
Thank you,
Father.
What's the song about the Holy Spirit
that we were singing last time?
"Come
Holy Spirit,
I need you.
Come
Holy Spirit,
I pray.
Come
in your strength and your
power.
Come in your own special
way."Lord,
we worship you tonight.
You'll probably have to put her machine
on, son,
if you think she's too loud.
Come,
Holy Spirit.
I need you.
Come,
Holy Spirit,
I pray.
Come
in your strength and your power,
come in your own special way.
It's the wind, it's the wave.
I feel
the wave. Let it take you. Let
the wave carry you. Let
the
Holy Ghost river carry us.
They say, "You are my hiding place."It's
right. It was the next one over.
You are
my hiding
place.
You
always fill my heart with songs
of
deliverance.
Whenever I am afraid,
I will trust in you.
Let the weak say, "I
am strong
in the strength
of the
Lord."Isn't
that beautiful?
It's where he's at right now,
in that hiding place.
Hey, son, tell her to stop slamming the
dishes around.
I love the realness of life,
the realness of where he's at.
Thank you, Father.
You are my hiding place,
the place of refreshing, the place of
the drink.
That's what I see: a living water
flowing out of you tonight.
The place where you've had a
rough week. It's Friday and you're
thinking, "Thank God it's Friday.
I just needed a break, a
drink, that refreshing
tonight."Already
Saturday.
You are my hiding place.
You always fill my heart
with songs
of deliverance.
Whenever I am afraid,
I will
trust
in you.
Again,
anxiety is breaking off of you. I see a
washing
over you, water washing
over you. You've dealt with anxiety so
much, but when you come to that place of
worship, it's washing. It's breaking
off of your
mind like water being
poured on you.
What has
been attached to you like a yoke of
bondage
is
washing and breaking. The
hold
of this is
breaking off of you.
Take captive of your thoughts. I see
this
washing over you.
The yoke has just been destroyed because
of the anointing
of the Holy Spirit.
He is your hiding
place, your place of refuge. We
run to the Lord.
His name
is a strong tower,
and the righteous run into it and they
are safe. It's that safe place. You are
my hiding place. I run to that
name. Proverbs 18:10: "The name of the Lord is a fortified
tower; the righteous run into
it and are safe."It's a
good tower,
not a weak
one. He
is a
fortified tower.
He leads me beside the
still waters
because he provides the drink
there. He
is my shepherd; I shall not
want.
He prepares a table
for me before all my enemies,
and they're watching me eat while
I have the beautiful water running
beside me.
He is a solid
rock.
I'm so grateful
that the name of the Lord is a strong
tower.
Whenever I am afraid,
I will trust in you.
Let the weak say, "I
am strong
in the strength
of the
Lord."He
has my
back. My Father will never
leave me. His rod and his staff, they
will protect me.
He's got me.
That's where you are tonight.
Whom shall I fear? The Lord is the
strength of my life. Whom shall I be
afraid of?
Fear tolerated is faith
contaminated. Perfect
love casteth out all fear. The
root of anxiety is fear.
He is my refuge and my fortress, my
God in whom I trust. I will not take
thought
of whatever I will eat or
drink.
Jesus said, "Take no
thought."For
even the lilies
of the field and the sparrow of
the air, he takes care of
them. How much more are
you?
Jesus said, "Therefore I
say unto you, take no thought for your
life, for what you shall eat or what
you shall drink, nor yet for your body,
what ye shall put on. Is not the life
more than meat, and the body than raiment?
Behold the fowls of the air,
for they sow not, neither do they reap,
nor gather into barns, yet your heavenly Father feeds
them.
Are ye not much better than
they?"If
you then, being evil, know how to
give good gifts to your children,
how much more will your Father who is in
heaven give good things to those who ask
him? He won't give you a serpent if you
ask him for bread.
He's a good God.
You are my hiding
place.
You always fill my heart with songs
of deliverance.
Whenever
I am afraid,
I will trust in you.
Do you see how it breaks that wall
down?
That's where anxiety is
destroyed, when
you find scriptures that pertain to what
you're going through. That's how you do
it. You find songs and you say, "You
are my hiding place.
You always fill my heart.
I refuse to fear. I refuse to worry
about things like that—what I'm going
to eat, what I'm going to drink—because
you took care of the sparrow of
the air. You took care of them. How much
more will you provide for my bills? How much
more will you provide for my car payment?
How much more will you provide my
job for me? I need a new job. I need
this. I need that."I don't know whatever
you're going through. "I need my marriage
to be better. I need my kids to be
better. I need my schooling to
be better. I need where I'm going
to church..."I don't know what you're
going through, but whatever
you're dealing with, I will trust in
you.
Let the weak say, "I
am
strong."Isn't
he wonderful, Braden?
But that's where the
stacking rocks come in.
Go to that place in your heart where
he's delivered you once; and if God
blessed me once, he will do it again.
It eliminates
the anxiety that people face on a
day-to-day basis. If you meditate
on "The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not
want.
He has me. He leads me beside the still
waters."Why?
Because it's good drinking water.
Why? It's still; it's not
rushing water. It's just a
babbling brook. The brook's just kind of
moving down. You can hear the rocks
there. You see the green grass? He's got
you. Hey, it's okay. "I've got you
with my rod and my
staff; they comfort me."Why? Because
he's going to bust that devil in the
head.
I am trusting and confidently relying on
the finished work of Jesus Christ—on
what he said he did for me. "I have
delivered you. I have made you whole. I
have provided."I sowed the seed. And I
believe as I sow in good ground, you
said I will reap back 30, 60, and
100-fold. You said you would take care of
me. I'm helping further your work. Now,
God, I thank you. Whether it's a
widow's mite or if it's a truckload,
you said you'd provide for me.
The widow's mite, she sowed all that she
had.
And Jesus looked at it and said, "Look,
she gave the most because she gave all
she had."It was not a lot in the
world's eyes, but it was everything
because it was from the heart.
And he breathes on the widow's
mite.
He breathes on what people look at and
say, "That's nothing. It's insignificant."But
he's not looking at
the gift;
he's looking at the heart of the giver.
God said he loves a cheerful giver,
not a grudging giver like, "I
don't want to do this."I
give because I love you.
And he looks at the heart of the giver,
where you're giving it and why
you're doing it—the motive behind it.
He sees it all, and he strips you down
and is able to see. And if
it's a sweet-smelling savor to him,
a beautiful sacrifice—the beautiful
sacrificial gift that is sweet-smelling
to him, versus the one
that was done and it smells like sulfur
dung.
It's the heart motive. Why do you do it?
To be seen or to be giving God praise?
Do you want to be seen,
or do you do it because "I just want to
love you, Father? How can I help you?"It's
the motive of the
heart.
Oh, how much he loves you.
I feel your love, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, that you're helping
Maria today,
that she's found in that hole.
Lord,
get Maria out of the hole. Maria, I see you in the hole and the Lord is going to
get you out.
Angels, go get Maria out of the
hole.
Maria, help is on the way.
Jesus is going to help you today.
The Lord says, "Maria, help is on the
way."Maria,
don't do that to yourself.
Help
is on the way.
Don't be weary in well-doing. It's going
to be okay.
Self-harm
is not the answer. Maria, self-harm
is not the answer.
Yes, I'm talking to you.
That snake's been there bothering you
for a while now.
I see it.
It tries to be a viper that tries
to bite you.
Don't cut yourself anymore. That is a
snake.
I see that snake.
Jesus,
I tell that spirit of suicide to go now
in the name of Jesus.
Get off of her!
And to anyone else who is contemplating self-harm,
I speak to that spirit of
suicide: get off of them in the name of
Jesus!
You foul, tormenting devil, I adjure you
by the blood of Jesus, I tell you to
release them now and let them go.
Cease and desist in your maneuvering
against God's property.
Get on out of here now in Jesus'name!
You foul, tormenting devil, get out
of here. Break off of their minds. Break
out of their house. Get out of here
in the name of Jesus! Be free
in the name of Jesus! Be free, you tormenting
and foul devil! Get out of here
in Jesus'name!
You've got to speak to it and tell him
to go yourself. The Lord said you say,
"Get out of here. I'm not listening to
you anymore. I'm not going to
contemplate this. I'm not going to allow
you to keep coming and mess with my
thoughts about this continually, day in
and day out."This is a stronghold that
has tried to be there. It's generational
in some of you; it happened with your
family members and it's trying to pass
on down to you. But the Lord says he's
delivering you of this tonight. You're
being freed from this self-harm spirit.
This has been a band that's been
around and it's tried to keep coming and whispering in
your ear: "No one loves you. No
one cares about you. Why are you still
here? Why don't you deal with yourself?"Tell
that lying devil to get out of
here!
I call breakthrough for you in
the name of Jesus. Tonight's your night
of the stacking rock experience
to say, "This is when God delivered me of self-harm.
This is when God delivered me
of suicide."I
will not participate in
these thoughts anymore. I will not allow
that enemy to stand at my door. I tell
you to get out of here in the name of
Jesus.
I am free. For whom the Son has set
free is free indeed. I call my
hormones to line up. I call bipolar to
go in Jesus'name. I speak to bipolar
disorder and I tell you to be healed in
the name of Jesus. I
say schizophrenia is healed and
delivered in the name of Jesus.
I tell those foul devils to release
their minds. Be broken off of their
minds in the name of Jesus.
Hormones, line up. Chemical imbalances,
line up in the name of Jesus.
I feel like there's
warm liquid flowing over you.
It's called the anointing. Yield to
it. Say, "I trust in you.
You're
my place of refuge tonight. I trust in
you.
I'm no longer going to contemplate
taking my life. I'm no longer going to
let this devil have an
audience.
I'm not giving him
a place of
speaking.
You will not have a place in my life
anymore. You're broken now. Get out
in the name of
Jesus!"Come
up out of them. Leave them alone.
It's a spirit of depression and anxiety
and all these things trying to
torment.
Misery loves company. Despair loves
company. So they bring their friends—hopelessness
and all these
other things. They try to bring friends
and they try to tell you there's no way
out. But the Lord says, "I have provided
the way out. I am a strong tower to you
tonight. I've got you. Help's on the
way, Maria."He's
here tonight
and he's setting you free, Maria. Specifically,
I see Maria—the lady named
Maria. And the Lord said she's been in a
pit. She's in a pit and she's getting
out of the pit. I
see a
lady in a pit and her name is Maria.
And the Lord said, "I'm getting her out
of the pit."Hallelujah.
I rejoice with you.
Say, 'I receive it for me.'My name
may not be Maria, but I am whoever—I
might be Jose, I don't know—but you
say, 'Hey, I will receive all that God
has for me. I will
lack nothing tonight. Jesus has me, and
He knows about everything I need.'Hallelujah.
Are you excited? You should
be excited. Rejoice in the Lord always;
and again, I say, rejoice.
I'm confident
and trusting in You, Lord. Hallelujah.
What a friend we have in Jesus.
Braden, that song,
what is it? Let's see here. What a
friend we have in Jesus,
all our sins and griefs to bear!
What a privilege to carry
everything
to God in prayer!
Oh, what peace we often forfeit,
oh, what needless pain we bear,
all because we do not carry
everything
to God in prayer.
What a friend we have in Jesus,
all our sins and griefs to bear!
What a privilege to carry
everything
to God in prayer!
Oh, what peace we often forfeit,
oh, what needless pain we bear,
all because we do not carry
everything
to God in prayer.
We trust You, Father.
We love You, Father.
Praise the Lord.
What a friend
we have in Jesus.
All our sins and griefs
to bear.
What a privilege to carry
everything
to God in prayer.
Oh, what peace we often forfeit.
Oh, what needless pain we bear,
all because
we do not carry
everything
to God in prayer. Father, we take it to You. We just lay it at Your feet. Say, 'This is a mess. I need You. Fix it.'Thank You, Father. I trust You. I'm not even worried that I won't make it through. I trust Him. So, if you trust Him tonight, say amen. You trust Him. I pray this blessed you; that you got refilled and refreshed. I felt the vein of it to go that way tonight, and that's the way the Lord said it in my heart: 'Bring them to the place to drink.'Braden, they had a hard week. Some are on the verge of self-harm. He said, 'I seen it.'And tonight, even Maria has help on the way. We love you so much. How long have we been here today, son? Let's sing it one more time. I like it; I could hear it. What a friend we have in Jesus, all our sins and griefs to bear! What a privilege to carry everything to God in prayer! Oh, what peace we often forfeit, oh, what needless pain we bear, all because we do not carry everything to God in prayer.
So we just lay
it at Your feet
and we surrender all.
We surrender all tonight.
I
surrender all.
All to Thee, my
blessed Savior,
I surrender
all. There are
some of you tonight that have
never ever given your life over to Him.
You've never surrendered all.
You've never
asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord and
personal Savior. You've been on the
fence about it. You've thought about it
a lot.
But tonight, you're not here by
accident. You've been wewarded. There are
some of you that have been wewarded.
Some of you are not living the way
you should and you know it.
But Jesus is throwing the lifeline out
to you tonight and He's saying, 'I want
to pull you in. You've been bobbing out
in that water long enough. I want to
pull you in. Will you allow Me to take
your mess and make it a message? Will
You allow Me to bring you to that place
of comfort?
Will You allow Me to take all
that sorrow and the pain of your life
and bring it into beautiful
joy—the
mourning to gladness.
But you have to surrender all.'And there are
so many of you
running. You don't
even know where you're running to.
You're just running.
But tonight's the night. Jesus is
standing at the door. And for some of you,
it might be your last opportunity to do
this. Some of you, the very shoes you
put on today to go to work, the very
shoes you did to go to do whatever
you're going to do tomorrow—it might be
your last day on this earth. No one is
promised tomorrow,
but I want you to know that there's a
heaven to gain and a hell to shun. And
tonight's your night. I want you to
accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and
personal Savior.
He's at the door of your heart and
He's knocking and He's saying, 'Will you
let Me in?'And if I'm speaking to you
tonight and you say, 'Brandon, I know
you're talking to me. I want to change.
I want to come to the Lord. Tonight's my
night.'I
want you to be bold about it in your
decision. I want you to say it in the
comment section: 'Tonight's my night. I
want to be saved tonight.
I don't want to keep
going down this pit of misery anymore,
and I definitely want to make a change.'Tonight,
I want to be bold about
it. Will you pray for me? And I want to
pray for you. It's
a
simple little prayer. It's not religious—I
hate religion; I want
relationship. It's about coming to a
Father and saying, 'I'm broken. Can You
fix me? I need Your help.'And the
moment you do, He is an
ever-present help in a time of need. He
takes your mess and He says, 'I've got
this. I specialize in this.'And He
fixes all your stuff up. But
you've got to surrender all to Him.
Say, 'Jesus,
I believe You are the Son of God.
I believe You died for me and You rose
again on the third day. Tonight's my
night. I want to be saved.
I ask You to forgive me of my sins. I
repent of them.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of
Life.
As of tonight, I turn my back on the
devil and the sin. I turn my back on the
decisions that I was
making. I don't want to do it anymore. I
sell out to You. I give my all to You. I
thank You, Lord, that as of tonight, You
are my Lord and personal Savior. And if
I die tonight, Lord, because I have
confessed You and
my sins, You
are faithful and just to forgive me of
my sins and cleanse me of all
unrighteousness. Thank You, Lord, that
if I die today, I'll be with You in
Paradise forever.
Thank You,
Jesus, that I'm free. Thank You, Lord,
that I'm saved, as I
dedicate my life to You and serve You
with all I have.
Amen and amen.'If you just said that, I
believe you just got born again.
What do you do? You go to a Bible-believing
church. You're going to
tell that pastor,
'I want to be water baptized.'Get
water-baptized. Get plugged into the
church. Get a Bible. Read your Bible
every day. Pray every day.
Be a part of our YouTube channel.
Pray with us while the door is
open, for the night is
coming. He said, 'Work while it is day,
for night is
coming.'We
believe that
Jesus Christ is coming sooner than
later. But if you're here, we're excited
you're here. Welcome home. Welcome back
to the family. And I believe the best is
yet to come for you.
If you don't have a Bible and you
live in the States,
we will send you a Bible for
free. All you have to do is email the
description down below and say in the
headline, 'I got saved. I'd like a free Bible.'We'll
send you a Bible—a New
King James, a King James, or an
Amplified—and
we just want to be a
blessing to you. We don't want to
solicit you or ever ask
you for anything other than just to say,
'Welcome home.
Congratulations.'I
believe the best is yet to
come. But you've got to get plugged into
church. Some of the people you were
hanging out with, you're not going to be
able to hang out with them that much
anymore. Invite them to go to church
with you. Say, "Listen, I want you to come to
church with me."They say, "Ah, we don't—"That's
okay, but I have to choose
to follow Jesus.
Don't go back to the pit you were in. Go
and tell them, "Come with me. Come
with me to church."And some of them
will. Maybe they'll come back and
they'll have their experience with Jesus
and they'll see that you're changing
from the inside out. The more you read
the Word of God, the Word of God is
going to change you from the inside out.
It will change you and you're going to
be like, "Man, I am a different person."Watch
the Holy Spirit; I told you he
specializes in messes and he makes
things awesome. Watch what he
does with your life. And so, we're
excited you're here tonight.
I love it. I surrender all.
I surrender
all.
All to Him I freely give.
I will ever
love and trust Him,
in His presence
daily
live.
All to Jesus,
I surrender.
All to Him, I freely give.
Isn't Jesus wonderful, Braden? Has
anybody gotten saved?
Twenty-two
people gave their hearts to Jesus
Christ tonight. All 22 of you, welcome
home. All 22 of you,
that's wonderful. What a way to start
your weekend off.
I surrender
all.
I surrender all.
All to thee, my blessed
Savior,
I surrender
all.
Have you surrendered your all to Him
tonight? Is your all on the altar? Your heart,
does the Spirit control?
Father, we lift up President Trump
before you tonight. Father, I thank you,
Lord, that he takes no counsel from the
ungodly. As we get ready to close, we
pray over him. We thank you, Lord, that
he's refreshed this weekend. Father, I
thank you, Lord, that there's a stirring
on the inside of him. That the chains
that seem to bind him
break only to remind him that they'll
drop
powerless behind him as he praises you.
We thank you, Lord,
that there is a covering over President
Trump tonight and over his children:
over Don Jr., Eric, Tiffany, Barron,
Ivanka, and over Kai.
We pray a hedge of protection around and
about his family and over his
wife and his marriage. I thank you
that you rekindle the
fire
that once was there. Keep it flamed,
Father, that his marriage would be
strong.
Old flames can die, but you can throw
gasoline on it.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that you
help his marriage.
Bring a renewing in his marriage
tonight.
Bring a flame to fan the flame,
Father, that once was there. Help him,
Father. I thank you, Lord. There's a
covering there.
Covering over his children, covering
over him, covering over J.D. Vance,
Father, that he will not be the next
Richard Nixon, no matter if he
looks at him or not. That Richard Nixon
will not be J.D. Vance and there won't be
another scandal of Watergate. This
country doesn't need it.
I pray over our Homeland Security, our
FBI, our Secret Service. Father, I pray
over every single branch of military:
Army, Navy, Marines,
Coast Guard.
I probably forgot one—I
think it's the
Space Force. We pray for every single
branch of military. Father, we thank
you, Lord, that our men and women
of service are protected. I thank you,
Lord, that no weapon formed against them
would prosper. We cover the military in
the blood. We cover all our service
people all around. It doesn't have to be
just America; we pray over every person
who's in active duty, protecting them in
the name of Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the peace
over Jerusalem.
I thank you, Father, for the shaking of the
Mount of Olives.
That Father, that you're coming soon,
that you shake the Dome of the Rock and
it comes completely down.
You shake down false idols and false
gods, and the Dome of the Rock will be
destroyed.
We say in the name of Jesus, the Dome of
the Rock will be shaken to the ground.
Muhammad's a false god. Buddha is
a false god. Any false gods come to the
ground. Father, we thank you, Lord, that
Jesus Christ is the only way to the
Father. And we give you all the glory,
honor, and praise, Father, for Jesus is
the way, the truth, and the life.
Jesus is the way. And we give all glory
to King Jesus.
We honor King Jesus today.
And we give all glory to Jesus, King of
kings and Lord of lords. You are.
And we laugh at other false gods as we
exalt our King.
He is King of kings and there is no
other way to the Father except through
Him.
And we honor you and we give you glory,
Master, for you are wonderful and worthy
to be praised.
Help us to remain strong in these
last days.
No matter how much the enemy tries to
come against us, the Spirit of
the Lord is there and he raises a
standard against him.
We believe it, Father, tonight. We pray
over this nation. We pray over Europe,
Canada,
Australia, and Asia. And we call revival
in the land. We call it in South
America, over every nation. We call the
revival across the land and the greatest
harvest of souls as you shake the
nations in the days ahead. Father,
thank you, Father. From sea to shining
sea, from the Gulf all the way up and
all over Canada, we call forth revival
in Jesus'name. We call revival over
Canada. We call revival over Canada. And
Carney will get saved.
Over Europe,
a diffusing, Father, of World War III.
A diffusing of this—revival
comes in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, that Ebola is
dying. Ebola will not spread anymore. We
say, "Ebola, your days are done."Ebola,
no more Ebola.
Your name and you bow to the name of
Jesus. We say in the name of Jesus,
Ebola, die in Jesus'name. Ebola, cease and
desist, your spirit, and we come against
it. We say stop now in Jesus'name. Ebola,
heal and whole and well in the name of
Jesus.
That's very interesting. It looked like
a zombie-looking thing.
I just saw a black man and I saw his
eyes drooping down. He was sick, sick,
sick.
He looked like a zombie
like the way he looked. I call healing
over them in Jesus'name.
We pray over our African
brothers and sisters. We pray over them
right now. All the people of Africa, we
say in the name of Jesus—and even the
one case in France—we say in the
name of Jesus: Ebola, you're done.
Stop this.
Bye. Ebola, you're going to die. No more
Ebola. Ebola, you're done.
In the name of Jesus, be healed.
Thank you, Lord. No more. No more. No
more. Ebola, you're done in Jesus'name.
Be healed in Jesus'name. All over
Africa. Is it in the Congo?
We call Congo healed. All nations of
Africa, we call delivered from Ebola.
In Jesus'name. No more spreading of this
plague.
No more spreading of Ebola. In Jesus'name.
You are done. Ebola,
be done now. Die, Ebola. Healed and
whole and well in the name of Jesus.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord. We pray over the heart
of Africa. It looks like right in the
center of it. We pray over Africa right
now in the name of Jesus. And it doesn't
spread anymore. It doesn't spread
anymore. And the ones that have it, we
call you healed and whole and well in
Jesus'name.
We even push that.
We don't have to tolerate that.
We have authority over Ebola. You know
that we call Ebola healed. We call these
people of Ebola that have it healed.
No more.
Dry up right now in Jesus'name.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord.
We give you praise and glory for it
right now in Jesus'name. Democratic
Republic of the Congo.
Yeah.
Thank you, Father.
Congo. You said, right?
Uh-huh.
Thank you, Father.
It's a special anointing here tonight. I
feel a presence so strong and
I feel such a presence.
Thank you, Lord. Send angel armies right
now.
We thank you, Lord. Ebola is done.
And we will hear it on the news: it just
started going away.
And just how it came, it's done. It's done
now in Jesus'name. Ebola, you're done.
Uganda healed and whole. Congo healed
and whole.
—I've
never been there before, but that
looks so beautiful.
Switzerland. I was going across
Europe and I could see the people and I
could see the waterfalls coming out of a
mountain and I could see—and the Lord
said, "That's the Swiss Alps."I
could hear him talking to me about
it. I could see a
refreshing. There's a refreshing.
There's something happening in the
spirit realm
to believe for. He's pleased with it.
He's pleased with the
prayer tonight, but he's pleased with
the worship. He's pleased with this.
It's like I can feel his joy
upon the land. And he's
pleased with the breath of his fragrance.
It's a fragrance of worship.
Blessings.
You made my heart full. He said, 'You
made my heart full.
You made—I'm so pleased. Thank
you, Father. I'm so glad we could help.'He
said, 'You've made my
heart full tonight, Brandon.'The
heart of the Father, the pulse of
the Father, the fragrance.
It's good.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you
shift New York. Do
you see that picture there?
Did they see it?
Yeah, it's New York—the shifting of
New York
because I'm in Albany.
Well, praise the Lord. I'm glad you're
here tonight, and I'm so thankful for
every single one of you. I pray that you
had a good time and you got
refreshed and we'll be back. I feel a
mandate to pray. I've been praying more
because of the Fourth of July
coming. And so, I believe we'll be
here again tomorrow for sure. I don't
know about tomorrow, but I know for sure Sunday—praying forth before the fourth.
Praying forth before the
fourth.
What's that? A 5.4
in Afghanistan.
Earthquake in
Pakistan.
Whoa,
that just happened. I'm telling y'all. I
wonder if the temple shook down there if
they have temples.
I'm telling you,
there's shakings coming.
6.7 in Greenland,
Philippines.
Oh, Philippines just happened.
Yeah, again. Yeah, it happened.
Philippines.
Wow. I wonder if they have monkey
temples there.
There's a lot of earthquakes here.
Yeah, this is what he said was happening.
Yes,
that goes back to the word. He said,
'I'm going to shake.'And he
said, 'I'm going to shake down the
temples. I'm going to shake Malibu. I'm
going to shake Italy. I'm going to
shake the nations.'And it will be a sign of—remember
what he said?—this
will be a sign
of
revival or something.
Help me, Holy Spirit. What did you say?
'There will be a shaking. I'm going to shake...'and
then he said even Okinawa. He
said, 'I'm going to shake these places and
I'm going to shake down temples. I'm
going to shake the governments. I'm
going to shake all this.'A shaking, but it
will be a sign of what's coming in
the spirit—what's happening in the spirit is happening
in the natural.
Yeah, that's it.
Yep, that's what he said. What's
happening in the spirit is happening in
the natural.
So that's another one that happened today; it's
5.7.
Well, get ready for Okinawa.
Something's going to happen with
Okinawa.
And a very big volcano is going to go
off in Japan—a
major volcano.
There's a lot to this. Alaska,
4.9.
But I've just had
such an urgency of praying over Fourth
of July and praying over President Trump
a lot, covering him and making
the decisions concerning America
and the finances of America for the
Clarity Act and all the things—Save
America Act.
You know, this is it; the Fourth of July
is coming. It's next week.
Then after that, I don't know;
I've seen events taking place in July.
And the Lord said, 'I saw the seventh month, July.'He
said, 'Watch the seventh
month. Watch the seventh month.'There
was more to that, but I saw major
shakings in the seventh month.
And we're seeing them already in
June.
But
my lips get crusty from praying and
talking so much.
But I've thought about praying more, you
know, and doing it on Saturday and Sunday.
I like taking breaks and dipping in the
river, but I got really refreshed today.
So I was thankful for the time I had
with him early
this morning.
I didn't do that video yesterday, so
that's what I think came out of that.
So, is that it, son?
Yeah. I mean, I actually found some—I'll
show tomorrow next time.
Yeah. I'm just showing you.
Yeah. I can feel something, though. And
that's why I haven't let it go.
I feel like there's something about to
happen. Even right now in the middle of
the night, there's something about to
happen. I'm looking for something right
now. And it's either concerning
Cuba or it's concerning Iran. There's
more about to happen, but I can
feel it. I'm waiting on the news, like
there's something major about to happen.
What is that?
Ukraine strike in Russia.
Wow. Where is it going? Inland?
Are they going by Moscow?
Are they going after their oil?
I believe so.
But Russians'Titan... yeah.
Russian Ukraine strikes Russian Titan.
What is that??
I don't know how to say the word. Sorry.
A plant produces mobile missile
launchers for Russian missile systems.
So they're going after the
military—their
stuff...
Yeah, on this one. They were
earlier, and you saw all the gas lines.
Wow. And Russia's not reacting?
Are they not?
I mean, they're doing a little stuff,
but it's not like
what I think they should.
What is that?
That's where...
okay. Yeah, it's over here. It's
that same peninsula.
Oh, yeah. So it's a little bit further.
Yep.
It's kind of like Moscow,
this way.
It's down there.
Yeah.
Russia is just huge.
I mean, it is massive.
I mean, you know, it's like I don't
know how many United States you can put
in it, but it's a massive nation.
Look at that.
Well, we love y'all. I don't want to
bore y'all. You all can go do your
things. I don't know what you do at this
time of night. Probably go to bed, but
there's a lot of people on the other
side of the world watching right
now. So we pray you're refreshed. We
pray you enjoyed this video, and we'll
see you again. Remember, put a smile on
your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all. Have a good night.
Bye-bye.